Generate LICENSE.txt from LICENSE.template (#1753)
bareos/bareos: third-party/README.md

A typical git subtree command would look like this : `git subtree add --prefix destination/path https://www.yourgithost.com/your/repo yourbranch(usuallymaster) --squash`

Make sure the library license is covert by `LICENSE.txt`. At best, the library is also licensed as AGPL-3. If it is not already covered, a section needs to be added for it in `LICENSE.template`.

> Also execute `make licensefile` to update `LICENSE.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also execute `devtools/update-license-file.sh` to update `LICENSE.txt`, and commit new version.
```
